README.md, before:

# redcap2sqlalchemy

Generic methods for extracting data from REDCap and pushing into a relational DB using SQLAlchemy

## Classes

### RCProject

Local mirror of a REDCap Project instantiated via a URL and Token.

To instantiate a project.

```python
>>> import redcap2sqlalchemy as r2sa
>>> myproject = r2sa.RCProject('https://redcap.example.edu/api/', 'ABCDE12345')
```

The constructor will automatically do a call to the REDCap Export Project Information API Method. This will set some information about the project which will be placed in the `info` attribute of the project.

You can then use any of the bound methods to make specific API calls. For example to get the metadata associated with a project, you can call the following method.

```python
>>> myproject.exportMetaData()
[{'field_name': 'record_id',
  'form_name': 'my_first_instrument',
  'section_header': '',
  'field_type': 'text',
  'field_label': 'Record ID',
  'select_choices_or_calculations': '',
  'field_note': '',
  'text_validation_type_or_show_slider_number': '',
  'text_validation_min': '',
  'text_validation_max': '',
  'identifier': '',
  'branching_logic': '',
  'required_field': '',
  'custom_alignment': '',
  'question_number': '',
  'matrix_group_name': '',
  'matrix_ranking': '',
  'field_annotation': ''},
 {...
```

Commit message:

pip install directions in README.md

README.md, after:

# redcap2sqlalchemy

Generic methods for extracting data from REDCap and pushing into a relational DB using SQLAlchemy

## To install (development only)

Currently, this is not published on PyPI or anywhere else. The only way to install is to clone the repo locally and install from there as developers would.

```bash
$ pip install -e git+file:///path/to/local/repo
```

## Classes

### RCProject

Local mirror of a REDCap Project instantiated via a URL and Token.

To instantiate a project.

```python
>>> import redcap2sqlalchemy as r2sa
>>> myproject = r2sa.RCProject('https://redcap.example.edu/api/', 'ABCDE12345')
```

The constructor will automatically do a call to the REDCap Export Project Information API Method. This will set some information about the project which will be placed in the `info` attribute of the project.

You can then use any of the bound methods to make specific API calls. For example to get the metadata associated with a project, you can call the following method.

```python
>>> myproject.exportMetaData()
[{'field_name': 'record_id',
  'form_name': 'my_first_instrument',
  'section_header': '',
  'field_type': 'text',
  'field_label': 'Record ID',
  'select_choices_or_calculations': '',
  'field_note': '',
  'text_validation_type_or_show_slider_number': '',
  'text_validation_min': '',
  'text_validation_max': '',
  'identifier': '',
  'branching_logic': '',
  'required_field': '',
  'custom_alignment': '',
  'question_number': '',
  'matrix_group_name': '',
  'matrix_ranking': '',
  'field_annotation': ''},
 {...
```
